Now, the kingdom roars for the poles of ll blast.
In this critical time machine,
I am showing my trust still as we watch on all of our new
but it's you who are
I am going to negate you
because you have the first few months
So I'm going to make you pay
our aim is that a great war may be waged which
In order to destroy the U.S. and the U.S. countries that were proud of their power,
the Imperial Army continued its aggressive operation.
We must gather all the power of the country and show our full strength.
We should think that the great power is in the future.
But the war on the economy and the war on the private sector
are getting more and more intense.
This is more obvious than seeing the fire.